listen I've gotten a bunch of requests
to cover the movie that made Jamie Lee
Curtis the actress she is but I'm a
cover Freaky Friday another time instead
since it's been 40 years since vector
cuckold released our best mascot I'd
figured I'd break down every Halloween
movie every film starring Michael Myers
since I binge doll 11 just to find out
that like nine of them don't even matter
let me explain
so going all the way back to 1978 you
got the original that in a sense
pioneered all of the slashers we know
today like it's considered to be so
culturally and historically significant
that it's in the freaking Library of
Congress and we're talking about a movie
whose budget was so low the Michael
Myers mask is really just a melted
Captain Kirk one so in 1963 little
Michael must have seen Eminem's 3:00
a.m. video cuz he decides to wake up in
the middle of the night and randomly
kill his sister with a knife from the
Halloween series y'all worried about
strangers doing something to your kids
I'm worried about them doing something
to me Mikey's parents are obviously
upset at him so they put him in timeout
at the local psychiatric facility where
he starts being looked after by dr.
Loomis now what's interesting about this
dude is that he's actually named after a
character from the movie psycho some
people even think that it might be the
same character whose wife died in psycho
because of a psycho and because of that
he ends up becoming a doctor who
dedicates his life to investigating
killers and that's why he's so emotional
towards Michael I just think they were
very influenced by psycho in many ways
especially when you consider that this
is Jamie Lee Curtis his mom who gets
stabbed in that movie 15 years later he
escapes he Jackson mechanic for his
jumpsuit and steals William Shatner's
face as he goes back to his hometown
randomly he sets his eyes on Laurie
since Michael smashes more babysitter's
than brazzers and starts stalking her
everywhere she goes and while I get that
Michael was supposed to be scary and he
is he even gets some great kills in
Michael swinging and missing more than
hobby by his at points you actually even
get a little glimpse of his face looking
like Dolph Lundgren but then a
psychiatrist looms around the corner and
takes him out with just a couple of
shots only for him to like I don't know
get beamed up by Scottie because he just
vanishes watching it again I was
surprised how short the first one was I
may be in the minority here but I feel
like it's kind of like a future album
where it
the instrumental that really carries it
in my opinion but it's a classic so I'll
say it's a junior price even though it's
a little bit better at home so after the
first one they made another five
followed by these two that weren't even
connected to those five and then another
two that just straight restarted
everything and then this Rico boo in
2018 that ignores everything else except
the first one because it's a direct
sequel to that one from 40 years ago and
it's just really confusing
let me explain further so the sequel
from 1981 called Halloween - which isn't
to be confused with Halloween - or the
soon to be Halloween - is the Halloween
movie to extend the lore it turns out
Laurie is actually Mikey's sister who
was given up for adoption and that's why
Michael wants to get her so bad
sadly Michael get shot in the eyeballs
like Karl in this one so his batting
average gets really low and can't do
anything and then Loomis sacrifices
himself and kills Michael by blowing up
the hospital proving that you can kill
the boogeyman they don't kill the
boogeyman granted this third one has
absolutely nothing to do with Michael
Myers since the point was to kind of
create a trick-or-treat anthology series
where every Halloween they would have
different stories about different like
killers but people were like that's the
dumbest thing in the world that'll never
work that said I don't think three is
terrible it's clearly separate since
they're even watching the first
Halloween within this movie but for
those of you who remember the Disney
Channel original film up up in a way
it's practically that with witches
there's this big company who's selling
Halloween masks because they're trying
to do this ancient witchcraft ritual
that deals with Stonehedge so by posting
this fake giveaway commercial that's got
all of the kids hyped as long as they're
watching the commercial with the mask on
it'll trigger something inside of it
that'll turn their brain into mush thus
having them be a part of this sacrifice
I guess giveaways are cancer there's a
scene where someone pokes a dudes
eyeballs to death before blowing himself
up a whole twist dealing with Android
henchmen and an Android lover and then
it gives you one of those ambiguous
endings where you don't know if he was
able to stop everything from happening
or if the ad does fully play thus ending
everyone I think it ends everyone and
almost even ended the franchise
so four five and six focus on lorry
having died off-screen since Jamie Lee
Curtis was kind of busy during this time
and instead we focus on her daughter
Jamie Lee Floyd did these two explode
into a million tiny pieces at the end of
the other Halloween movie yeah but I
guess someone pulled a Mike Wazowski and
piece them back together Michael finds
out that he has a niece and being the
potential godfather goes out to look for
her only to get hit by these dudes who
wanna make Illinois great again and they
blow up Michael when he falls into a
ditch obviously Mikey's gonna pull a
Shawshank or something in order to live
long enough to see another sequel but
the really scary part is when little
Jamie goes back home she puts on a clown
mask right at the end of this movie and
reenact what her her uncle did in the
first one
in part five it turns out Michael and
Jamie have a connection where they
telepathically can communicate and even
kind of control each other so Loomis
decides to use that power as a way to
trap Michael and lure him back to his
old home which oh shoot wasn't the
smartest idea a lot more people die but
by the end of it Loomis is able to land
in some strokes on Michael before having
one himself and dying again Mikey sheds
a tear as he talks to his niece the cops
eventually arrest him with his mask on
everyone finally has a happy ending
until of course not some random
mysterious dude with a briefcase shows
up and frees Michael from Jill in order
to have now it turns out this man in
black actually kidnapped both of them
which is kind of ironic how does that
feel Mikey he's running this call where
Jamie gets impregnated in order for them
to have a baby that they can use to pass
on evil - and considering that there's
two versions of this movie it's heavily
implied that you so in a sense this
movie's like the most demonic custody
battle I've ever seen Jamie's able to
run away from the cult before getting
killed by Michael Paul Rudd appears as a
grown up Tommy Doyle who was that little
kid that Laurie was babysitting in the
first and it's revealed that the chief
director of the ward that Michael Myers
was admitted to as a kid is in fact the
full run in this call for some reason he
became obsessed with him as a psycho and
so he put a curse on Michael Myers
that's known as thorn which causes him
to kill his family and it's this whole
circle sacrifice thing that happens and
they want to pass it on to the next of
kin it's dump it ant-man decides to come
in with the truth serum sedates Myers
and dr. Loomis yet again dies as he goes
back to finish business with Myers
officially ending the
okay so none of those sequels we just
covered matter for these next two it
turns out Jamie Lee Curtis does want to
come back and she just ignores all of
the sequels we just covered and in this
one it actually takes place right after
the first one she fakes her death in
order for Michael to not find her and
luckily she's been safe for twenty years
hence the h2o because it's Halloween
twenty so it's how they're drowning in
acronyms Joseph gordon-levitt is
actually in this movie and he kills it
for the five seconds that he's in it he
does in fact get a little crazy with the
stick but not enough to stop Michael
from getting his sister's file so he can
go find her like I said at this point
Laurie has a kid she's getting jiggy
with George Cloney and then has to deal
with her crazy brother again when he
goes to ruin a field trip and starts
killing them al l ain't so cool in this
Michael is doing one-armed push-ups but
still has his accuracy at low and then
there's this whole table sequence that I
used to think was super dope as a kid
and I would play it at weddings
surviving every single time but then
they pull that annoying thing that a lot
of Horrors do where a character refuses
to let the hero do a double tap on the
bad guy as if you like gotta show the
bad guy mercy or something Jamie says
screw that I'm gonna take the body and
do this whole chase sequence since the
movies still short and we gotta fill out
the 90 minutes and Michael awakens only
to fly out the windshield get pinned to
a tree and reach out to his sister
which I'm not gonna lie was was kind of
emotional because when you really think
about it Michael all he's ever wanted
was to show his sister's scheanette
starts to dude officially killing the
boogeyman and claiming his death once
and for all
he gets resurrected now somehow years
later they decided to give you this
flashback that Michael after getting
stabbed and falling found a way to swap
out his body with a paramedic which what
did Michael find the time to get up and
find someone with his exact same build
when did Michael find the time to do the
old swap aruond get another man naked
with no one looking
why didn't michael kill this dude so I
would wake up again did the medic signal
to Laurie instead of having the same
mannerisms
Michael what's cuz Michael's a damn boss
never mind they end up putting lorry in
a psych ward chillin with the original
animal dog when Michael comes after her
but since they let her binge all the
home alone on Tuesdays she gets him with
a booby trap and so he stabs her in hers
and she dies for like that third time
they still have to fill up the rest of
those foofy since that only took like 20
minutes so Busta Rhymes decides to start
an internet reality show with Tyra Banks
since you know he new exhibit was about
to get his soon and he wanted to beat
him to it he decides to post a bunch of
people up at Myers old home and to film
it to see not only who can last the
night
but figure out why Michael Myers did
what he did a question the screenwriters
had to obviously these people think it's
all fun and games till it turns into
hell fest and Michael starts killing
them one by one while people are
watching the show online and they're
watching this guy try to defend himself
by throwing pepper thankfully the kid
from luck of the Irish was lucky enough
to be streaming it and he's able to call
for help since he was friends with one
of the girls on Nate Busta Rhymes and
bustled Michael and mr. Myers gets
burned to a crisp
before his rigor mortis kicks in last
second looking a little crispy over
there Mikey
like some chicken-fried mother [ __ ]
years later in the year of Soulja Boy ad
Rob Zombie decided to remake the
original but make it way more brutal
pretty much here iam Anja's it as if if
Joe Dirt was a serial killer instead of
just killing his older sister that one
night he kills everyone in the house and
starts getting looked after by the new
Loomis who I'm not sure if the guy from
A Clockwork Orange is the best fit to be
a child psychologist but whatever
besides being more violent Rob's idea
was to really dissect him as a Dahmer
like psychopath that because a lot of
horror icons had become so familiar
they're so popular they're spoofed all
the time but the general audience wasn't
really seeing them as being scary
anymore and he kind of makes the points
however I don't know about some of the
quotes that he gave like wanting the
audience to have it be so ambiguous that
they wouldn't know whether he wanted to
kill the sister or if Michael just
wanted to find his sister because he
loves her
[Applause]
this michael also spends a lot more time
in jail killing my uncle my cheat day
and cosplaying as cain but still has
that unhealthy obsession with lori just
like the other ones it turns out that
lori is his sister she just doesn't know
Lumis looms around but does nothing and
eventually lori gets the heads up on him
points a weapon right at his face but
you still know there's gonna be another
one so even though it's only been two
years
the original kid actor from the
Halloween remake grew faster than Walt
so they had to recast them but if
there's one Halloween movie right out of
all of them in the franchise the one
movie that's ok for your church group
it's this one that police officers
boasted about necrophilia Academy Award
winner Octavia Spencer making it seem
like they weren't using a prop when she
went all out
Michael eating a damn dog but worst of
all they show you Chris Hardwick
at least all the dr. Loomis fans can
morally defend their hero as he exploits
these people's death with a new book
just like the earlier ones they take the
idea of Laurie having that connection
with Michael they also kind of take the
a aesthetic of the Texas Chainsaw
Massacre before he's dead mom motif as
she walks around with a horse and tells
him what to do and even though they kill
Michael again they leave you with this
cliffhanger that Laurie is somehow in
the ward where she now carries the evil
that she's going to carry on forward
except they ain't givin her a sequel
so now comes the 2018 version titled
Halloween which is a sequel to Halloween
just not to be confused with Halloween
this one adds so much hype that they
were waiting for it during the purge and
by ignoring the fact that Jamie Lee
Curtis had already returned three times
we get to celebrate that she's returning
and this one Michaels been chillin at
this ward where the inmates get
everything like thinking go out and get
some views in the Sun food playtime
Netflix when these two show up try to be
a wannabe serial podcast they believe
for whatever reason that Michael Myers
shouldn't be transferred and locked away
forever like he's about to be because
you know Michael Myers has rights how
Michael Myers obviously escapes during
his transfer and the first people he
kills are these two since they have his
mask right before they were about to get
that blue apron sponsor now I'm not
gonna lie and say that I thought this
movie was better than the other sequence
right I do think it's fine and I'm glad
that most people are happy to see
Michael killing people again but well I
thought that the characters were dumber
than Harry and Lloyd I mean Michael
delivers on the kills there's a point
where he carves a dude's face into a
jack-o'-lantern he's hanging people up
Benson's man is striking the cameraman
around and then this little kid appears
I thought he was funny the problem was
his improv was too funny for all this
intensity just like every other
Halloween movie Michael goes after his
sister Laurie who's joined the NRA and
has been prepping to shoot him in the
face but the movie also adds this
Professor poopypants lookin dude who's
Michael's new caretaker aka they called
a new Loomis at one point but he's got
like this weird obsession over Mikey
where he just wants to hear him speak he
wants to hear him call him by his name
and he's kind of the reason why Michael
is able to get away multiple times Jeeva
remembers the booby traps she did in
Halloween resurrection which because it
doesn't exist she could just copy them
and put him in her own home where she's
able to trap Michael Myers in her cellar
and officially once and for all
obliterate him as he burns and kills
Michael Mayer to end it all
except we already know there's gonna be
another sequel coming soon
I swear Michael Myers has died more
times than Kenny thank you guys for
checking out this video I'm Kirsten your
thoughts down below in the comment
section I know that there's a theory
again with this other one with the new
sequel that might be coming up that
little twitch that Jamie's granddaughter
has in this movie that
maybe she's still holding the knife
because she's gonna be the serial killer
which is funny I swear if they just
continue doing the same storylines the
sequels have that they ignored that'd be
really dumb but occasional your thoughts
if there aren't any other horror
franchises yeah I'm a big fan of the
Texas Chainsaw when in Friday the 13th
Halloween's always been dope but I think
those are like the really crazy ones let
me know maybe I'll cover them down below
in the comment section let me know won't
I go continue to hide in closets or will
he finally be free and also make sure to
check out AMC drawings I'm gonna be
plugging her in for the next week
because see these good looks right here
these are all things to her go check
around an Instagram let her know let me
explain sent you and go support all the
other stuff because if you like this
channel you need a go show or some love
definitely let me know your thoughts
down below in the comment section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe or
you're gonna see the boogeyman tonight